README.md, before:

# WooCommerce Checkout VAT No. Plugin

Adds a VAT No. field to the WooCommerce checkout process. Customers can enter their VAT No., which will be saved as part of the billing address.

## Features

WooCommerce Checkout VAT No. Plugin allows your customers to enter their VAT number during the checkout process. The VAT number is saved as part of the billing address and can be viewed in the WooCommerce order as part of the customer billing details. Each VAT No. is validated during the checkout process.

This plugin has the following features:
* Adds a VAT No. field to the checkout process
* VAT No. as part of the billing address
* VAT No. validation, powered by: https://github.com/dannyvankooten/vat.php

## Support

If you're facing any issues adding the VAT number field to your checkout process please contact us at [support@havealooklabs.com](mailto:support@havealooklabs.com)


## Installation

This section describes how to install the WooCommerce Checkout VAT No plugin and get it working .

1. Upload the plugin files to the `/wp-content/plugins/` directory, or install the plugin through the WordPress plugins interface directly.
2. Activate the plugin through the 'Plugins' screen in WordPress
3. Use the Settings -> WooCommerce Checkout VAT No screen to configure the plugin

## License
Copyright by HaveALook UG

Commit message:

Add build instructions to README

README.md, after:

# WooCommerce Checkout VAT No. Plugin

Adds a VAT No. field to the WooCommerce checkout process. Customers can enter their VAT No., which will be saved as part of the billing address.

## Features

WooCommerce Checkout VAT No. Plugin allows your customers to enter their VAT number during the checkout process. The VAT number is saved as part of the billing address and can be viewed in the WooCommerce order as part of the customer billing details. Each VAT No. is validated during the checkout process.

This plugin has the following features:
* Adds a VAT No. field to the checkout process
* VAT No. as part of the billing address
* VAT No. validation, powered by: https://github.com/dannyvankooten/vat.php

## Support

If you're facing any issues adding the VAT number field to your checkout process please contact us at [support@havealooklabs.com](mailto:support@havealooklabs.com)

## Build

1. Install composer dependencies `composer install`
2. Install npm dependencies `yarn install`
3. Build minified CSS and JS files `gulp scripts && gulp styles`

## Installation

This section describes how to install the WooCommerce Checkout VAT No plugin and get it working.

1. Upload the plugin files to the `/wp-content/plugins/` directory, or install the plugin through the WordPress plugins interface directly.
2. Activate the plugin through the 'Plugins' screen in WordPress
3. Use the Settings -> WooCommerce Checkout VAT No screen to configure the plugin

## License
Copyright by HaveALook UG
